I started by creating a file and then added an index.html file to store everything in. Once the file was created, I proceeded to generate a general "Hello World" code to get started. Then I proceeded to create a branch labeled ‘main’ to store my initial work and to be the main source of where everything will be merged and sent back to Github. Next, I created a feature/header branch and made changes to my file. The change I made was adding an extra line to the body section. Lastly, I staged and committed the file. After that, I went back to the branch ‘main’ to create a new branch called feature/footer. While in the feature/footer branch I add a footer. Once the footer was added, I staged and committed the file. 

Once all branches were created and had information stored inside, I went back into the feature/header branch to add a footer section, stage, then commit it. This will cause a conflict when trying to merge later. I then went back to the branch ‘main’ to merge the feature/header branch along with the feature/footer branch. Upon attempting to merge the main and feature/footer, I ran into a conflict as expected. 

I proceeded to open the conflict editor to manually make the correction in the footer section. Once there were no more conflicts, I was able to stage and commit the file. I also did ‘git status’ to make sure there were no more corrections needed to be made. With no more corrections needed, I was then able to successfully merge both branches into the main and push to Github. 
